Add  the installation link to README.md (#29)
brunoluiz/grammarly-markdown-extension: README.md

🖋 Convert Grammarly to Markdown (browser extension)

> ## Installation
> - Install the extensions from [The Chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grammarly-to-markdown/bjodbpcjeogaihbekannledankhcjbgo).
> ## Usage

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better if we added Firefox store here as well?

```suggestion
## Installing pre-packaged extension

This extension is available in the following stores:

- [Chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grammarly-to-markdown/bjodbpcjeogaihbekannledankhcjbgo).
- [Firefox store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/grammarly-to-markdown/)

## Usage
```
